#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   daphne
    #   django
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==23.1.1
    # via daphne
automat==22.10.0
    # via twisted
boto3==1.24.31
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.27.96
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via fonttools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cryptography==39.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via weasyprint
daphne==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-auditlog
    #   django-background-tasks-updated
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-fsm-log
    #   django-otp
    #   django-storages
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-fsm-log
django-auditlog==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-background-tasks-updated==1.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fsm==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-fsm-log
django-fsm-log==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nested-admin==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-passwordreset==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-dx-datagrid
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-dx-datagrid==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-flex-fields==0.9.8
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools[woff]==4.38.0
    # via weasyprint
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via google-cloud-secret-manager
google-auth==2.16.0
    # via google-api-core
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.58.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.6
    # via google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.51.1
    # via google-api-core
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
icalendar==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==22.10.0
    # via twisted
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
msal==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasyprint
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydyf==0.5.0
    # via weasyprint
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   msal
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via twisted
pyotp==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyphen==0.13.2
    # via weasyprint
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-auditlog
    #   icalendar
    #   pendulum
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via django-nested-admin
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework
    #   icalendar
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   msal
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   django-background-tasks-updated
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   google-auth
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-monkey-business
    #   service-identity
sorl-thumbnail==12.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via django
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
twisted[tls]==22.10.0
    # via daphne
txaio==23.1.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   django-countries
    #   twisted
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
weasyprint==54.3
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
zope-interface==5.5.2
    # via twisted
zopfli==0.2.2
    # via fonttools
channels
daphne
fer
tensorflow